---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: When am I on the path
datePublished: '2016-02-26T23:10:05.356Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-26T23:07:13.677Z'
title: The Spiritual Path To Gratitude
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-13-d53450e9-80e4-49d2-8e05-53c325093851.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: the-spiritual-path-to-gratitude/index.html
_type: Article

---
The spiritual path to gratitude...

I'm sitting here eating grapes, my cousin is messaging me on Facebook and I'm typing this and I know I'm on my path. I am always on my path I can never not be on it! 

Everything I do in every day; whether I do anything or something at all requires that I be on my path to do it. This concept is the infinite quantification of "everything happens for a reason". I am guaranteeing this outcome. The interesting this about the path is that it is always there, you are always on it but some choose to not have a good time on it vs. others who do have a good time on it. Why is that?

The law of attraction is why. If you're having a good time thinking good thoughts about what you want to experience then your path is fun if you're focused on not so good stuff then your path sucks...

The easiest way to make it a fun path right now is to think about what you're grateful for- right now! What are you grateful for? I'm grateful for good grapes- good grapes and my macbook pro. In the next day or so you will probaly see a macbook and grapes but that is just a by-product of this law of attraction in action stuff.

So lesson in it: find something to be grateful for and watch it just show up for you. Start enjoying your path because it's seriously like the only one you have.