---
inFeed: true
hasPage: true
inNav: true
inLanguage: null
starred: false
keywords: []
description: Where do you go from gratitude?
datePublished: '2016-02-26T22:41:31.403Z'
dateModified: '2016-02-26T22:33:00.401Z'
title: Gratitude
author: []
sourcePath: _posts/2016-02-13-3676ac51-5d04-497f-aa80-c247d31d9165.md
published: true
authors: []
publisher:
  name: null
  domain: null
  url: null
  favicon: null
url: 3676ac51-5d04-497f-aa80-c247d31d9165/index.html
_type: Article

---
Gratitude

In every moment of our existence we have the capability of feeling. We feel an array of feelings from moment through moment; much like an ebbing flow of creativity washing feeling ashore to be witnessed and embraced. There are some feelings- those that are extreme- that can latch onto a thought and pull the momentum of the thought form into reality. We consider this an instant manifestation but the truth is nothing we feel here and now has ever really been about our here and now. 

Moving forward within the capacity of understanding that we are a vibrational energy field comprised of all things present and not you understand that the feelings you feel at this time are feelings streaming through you from the source of all creation. Your Personal Guidance System (PGS) as Abraham Hicks puts it.  

Considering this process I am feeling right now as if I am writing too much about the process. If you want to learn more about it there are plenty of books out or videos to watch on youtube.com. 

My main focus here is keeping in alignment with source so that goodness flows to me. As I free my mind from the resistance of my reality I feel the ease of abundance flowing through me. There is abundance. I just noticed! In every situation in every aspect- there is abundance. 

Abundance reaches me through my perception of it and I am filled with the understanding that I am now focused